samples: event_manager: Improve documentation (#3170)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/event_manager/README.rst

Statistics (``stats.c``):
  This module waits for measurement events from the sensor.

>   The module calculates simple statistics about one of the measurement values that are transmitted as part of the event and logs them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module calculates and logs basic statistics about one of the measurement values that are transmitted as part of the event.
```
`one of the values` -- maybe it is worth mentioning which one?

Author: This is just a sample event. The values are called `value1`, `value2` and `value3`. I think it's not needed here.
